# Follow-Light
As part of my contribution to my team in the Year 1 Group Project (CS1701), I created a Java program that allows a Finch robot to follow a light source and calculates statistics based on its movement.  

From the Assignment brief:  
* The purpose of this program is to make your finch robot follow a light source, such as a flashlight.  
* To make the robot start, you should direct a light beam at the robot. This should make the robot to, first, turn the LED colour in its beak into green, and, then, to start moving towards the light source making a (not too loud) sound as long as it is moving.  
* The robot should stop moving if the light source is switched off or if there is an obstacle on its way. When the robot stops moving, it should change its LED colour to red and it should stop making a sound. However, once there are right conditions again (i.e., the light is on and there is no obstacle on the way) the robot should change the LED colour back to green and resume moving and making a sound. The program should stop if the light remains switched off for longer than 6 seconds or if the light keeps pointing at the obstacle for longer than 6 seconds.  
* The program should store the speed, travel time, the number of times the finch has stopped moving, and for how long the finch has stopped. The program should also calculate some statistics; namely, average speed, total travel time and total stop time. Before the program terminates, it should ask the user whether they would like to view the statistics of the execution. If the user’s response is ‘YES’, the program should display the average speed, total travel time, total stop time, and number of stops. If the user’s response is ‘NO’, it should terminate.  
* This program can be implemented using a Graphical User Interface (for example, windows, buttons, textboxes, drop-down menu, etc.) or a console user interface (input and output printed in the console).
